Is this your surprise?
Boy, I warn you.
Ha ha ha!
Oh, Nick, I should be the one warning you!
See, when this gets out...
No, no, no.
You won't just be a slut, will you?
You'll be a bankrupt slut!
How much do you want?
Money isn't an issue.
Money? Isn't enough money!
I thought control about it.
Admiral Entertainment.
I should be the CEO, not you!
Greediness leads to disaster going.
Maybe, maybe not.
I'm giving you one last chance to reconsider.
How are you getting nervous on you, boy?
See, I can sense it.
You're afraid that if this gets out,
you're both just going to become a laughingstock.
These photos just show us hugging.
It's normal social contact.
Why are you getting so worked up?
Social contact?
Are you fucking mad?
That's not acceptable!
Under any circumstance, we're not a man to see.
Aren't you and Jada socialising too?
Oh shit, I was just being nice
and plus she's a bloody leech anyway.
I can't wait more on my first.
I didn't even worry.
Ah ha ha ha!
Don't worry, even if you did have my phone intake.
I've got plenty of backups, don't you, Boris?